[DJM] Document custom host tags env variables (#28577)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/dataproc.md

   curl -L https://install.datadoghq.com/scripts/install-dataproc.sh > djm-install-script; bash djm-install-script || true
   ```

   The script above sets the required parameters, and downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in Dataproc. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the filename in the URL with `install-dataproc-0.12.8.sh` to use version `0.12.8`, for example. The source code used to generate this script, and the changes between script versions, can be found on the [Datadog Agent repository][13].

>    Optionally, the script can be configured adding the following environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Optionally, the script can be configured by adding the following environment variable:
```

| Variable                 | Description                                                                                                                                                      | Default |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|                                                                                                    

> | DD_TAGS                  | Add host tags to Dataproc clusters. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][15]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Dataproc cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][15]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |
```

   Optionally, the script can be configured by adding the following environment variable:

| Variable                 | Description                                                                                                                                                      |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|                                                                                                
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Dataproc cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][15]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |

> | DD_ENV                   | Scoping of application specific data across metrics, traces, and logs.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster.  
```
